Hey retail kids
Not that change
Mr. Liu, I'm really sorry.
He's not a doctor at our hospital.
I can't be the master.
Can you tell me about this old man?
What is his identity
I'd like to meet him.
This one.
I can't reveal the master's information privately, otherwise
I'll ask what he means.
Then reply to you.
3 days later
I held an art fair in Sioux City
I hope you can exchange art together
Raise Together
These three invitations
It's for our hospital.
Please check this tissue
Ask the dean to hand it over to the master
Can you come and guide us then?
I made it.
I never dreamed that one day
The dignified Sacred Hands in National Clothes
Will talk to me so politely
The surgical skills of this master
I'm afraid there are only exotic ones in the world
Phantom Doctor
To compare with
They both lead the world.
Masters in Medicine Moving Forward
Lin Shao, please be sure to find this master
This person is in China
It's an honor for my country.
This master's surgical approach
Amazing
You have benefited me a lot.
I have to go back quickly and digest and study well
Ok, I'll send it to you.
jing rui
This kid said earlier that he has no interest in communicating on weekdays
I didn't expect that one day
I can see this happiness in his face
Satisfied expression
The villain is so cute
Mom